docs(play): mention limitation for execution listeners (#4537)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/play-your-process.md

> Although Play is compatible with cluster versions 8.5.1 and above, we fully support and recommend using versions 8.6.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Version compatibility:** Although Play is compatible with cluster versions 8.5.1 and above, Camunda fully supports and recommends using versions 8.6.0 or higher.
```
Suggestion to align with change below for better scannability on the page.

> Play currently doesn't support execution listeners. As a workaround, you can skip the element using [modifications](#modify-a-process-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Execution listeners:** Play does not currently support [execution listeners](/components/concepts/execution-listeners.md). As a workaround, you can skip the element using [modifications](#modify-a-process-instance).
```
Suggestion to make it more scannable, and link to execution listeners.
